How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
Ans:
1)Helped me find the differences in two files.
2)Pointed out addition and deletions
3)typo in new would be easy to find if compared with old
4)Rather doing it manually it helped me do it automatically, bought me some time !!!

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Ans:
1)It would help me keep tracks of my previous and new ideas.
2)I won't have to write the program from scratch
3)It would help me understand the flow of development if I come back to my project after a vacation.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you 
do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
Pros:
Commits can be done logically.
Commits won't be cluttered.
Commits won't be redundant.
History or log will clean.

Cons:
May lead to large commits.
If not properly differentiated commits will be redundant


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Ans:
I think it's a smart way of thinking. It's kind of like 'make utility' because files can be depen
dent and commiting each file seperately would be a tedious task, and Git solves it.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Ans:
git log helps to find the data of last commits
while git diff could be used to find the differences between last commits or versions of file

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break 
something?
Ans:
As I could always go back to my previous commit using git checkout and find the commit 
where the error occured thus git gives me immense comfidence to make difficult steps.

Now that you have your workspace set up what do you want to try using Git for?
Ans:trying out new algorithms
trying out new projects
version control

